First draft of Transfer Learning User Guide (#140)
emdgroup/baybe: docs/userguide/transfer_learning.md

# Transfer Learning

BayBE offers the possibility to mix data from multiple campaigns in order to accelerate
optimization. 
Using data from multiple campaigns is currently supported when using a Gaussian Process
Surrogate model and is implemented by the [`TaskParameter`](baybe.parameters.categorical.TaskParameter).

```{admonition} Terminology
:class: note

> The term "Transfer Learning" is used in a lot of different ways.

Reviewer: youve started to describe here the different ways of inclding transfer learning, hwoever when staring with saying something about terminology i was expecting tht this decribes that "transfer learning" is ur way of saying "combining data of multiple capaign" and theres alternatives such as "contextual learning" or somethign else I dont remember rght now

Author: Changed the formulation a bit, is this now better?

Reviewer: yep

The act of combining the data of several contexts can be done via multiple models,

> shared architectures, special kernels in a single model and whatnot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shared architectures, special kernels in a single model etc.
```
(sounds a bit too colloquial)

Author: Changed.

We do not necessarily want to limit to any of these methods, even though BayBE currently
offers only a single one.
```

> ## The role of ``TaskParameter``

Reviewer: again this question: do we still need double backticks or not?

Author: I think they are not necessary in md files, I will change it here and will then check.

Author: They are in fact not necessary and were removed.

The ``TaskParameter`` is used to "mark" the context of an individual experiment. The
set of all possible contexts is provided upon the initialization of a ``TaskParameter``
by providing them as ``values``.

```python
from baybe.parameters import TaskParameter

TaskParameter(name="Month", values=["Nov23", "Dec23", "Jan24"])
```

> If not specified further, a ``campaign`` using the ``TaskParameter`` as specified above

Reviewer: are you referring to the Capaign class? or a variable? In any case, none of these are used and I would write campaign without backticks

Author: Removed the backticks.

would now make recommendations for all possible values of the parameter. Using the
``active_values`` argument upon initialization, this behavior can be changed such that
the ``campaign`` only makes recommendations for the corresponding values.

```python
from baybe.parameters import TaskParameter

TaskParameter(name="Month", values=["Nov23", "Dec23", "Jan24"], active_values=["Jan24"])
```

This can be abstracted easily to other scenarios such as changing substrates (while

> screening same reaction conditions) or formulating mixtures for different cell lines.

Author: Once #118 is merged, there will of course be a link to this included here.

> screening same reaction conditions) or formulating mixtures for different cell lines.

Reviewer: would be nice to have the correpsonding line for these examples too like eg:
```python
TaskParameter(name="Substrate", values=["3,5-dimethylisoxazole", "benzo[d]isoxazole", "5-methylisoxazole"], active_values=["3,5-dimethylisoxazole"])
```

```python
TaskParameter(name="Month", values=["Liver cell", "Heart cell", "Hamster brain cell"], active_values=["Liver cell"])
```

# Transfer Learning

BayBE offers the possibility to mix data from multiple campaigns in order to accelerate
optimization. 
Using data from multiple campaigns is currently supported when using a Gaussian Process
Surrogate model and is implemented by the [`TaskParameter`](baybe.parameters.categorical.TaskParameter).

```{admonition} Terminology
:class: note
The term "Transfer Learning" is used in a lot of different ways.
Within BayBE, "Transfer Learning" refers to combining data from multiple campaigns.
Depending on the field, this might also be known as "contextual learning".

> Further note that the act of combining the data of several contexts can be done via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, note that the act of combining the data of several contexts can be done via
```
(reads a bit strange otherwise)

multiple models, shared architectures, special kernels in a single model, etc.
We do not necessarily want to limit to any of these methods, even though BayBE currently
offers only a single one.
```

## The role of `TaskParameter`

The `TaskParameter` is used to "mark" the context of an individual experiment. The
set of all possible contexts is provided upon the initialization of a `TaskParameter`

> by providing them as `values`.

Reviewer: Needs to have something explaining why youre talking about months below, eg outline the example you chose

Author: I have now just replaced that by `Reactor`, is this fine or should this also get some more information?

Reviewer: yep

```python
from baybe.parameters import TaskParameter

TaskParameter(name="Month", values=["Nov23", "Dec23", "Jan24"])
```

If not specified further, a campaign using the `TaskParameter` as specified above
would now make recommendations for all possible values of the parameter. Using the
`active_values` argument upon initialization, this behavior can be changed such that
the `campaign` only makes recommendations for the corresponding values.

```python
from baybe.parameters import TaskParameter

TaskParameter(name="Month", values=["Nov23", "Dec23", "Jan24"], active_values=["Jan24"])
```

This can be abstracted easily to other scenarios such as changing substrates (while
screening same reaction conditions) or formulating mixtures for different cell lines:

~~~python
TaskParameter(name="Substrate", values=["3,5-dimethylisoxazole", "benzo[d]isoxazole", "5-methylisoxazole"], active_values=["3,5-dimethylisoxazole"])
TaskParameter(name="Month", values=["Liver cell", "Heart cell", "Hamster brain cell"], active_values=["Liver cell"])
~~~

> A full example demonstrating BayBE's transfer learning capabilities can be found

Reviewer: where is the picture? imo worth a section

Author: Have included a very tiny bit of text here and the two pictures, is this good now?

Reviewer: ilike
